Phase 2

I want you to just amke a plan right now, you can look around or do whatver u should doand stuff but dont start the plan yet, just put time into buidling it ., You can be creative if you want. You can see the site, i want you to to create a document call PLAN.md where you outline it, it should eb long then let me review it. i dont want a desciption but rather check box to do lists. Use your chrom preview tool to go on website for intial analayzse of any probelms if needed for clarification, and defieenly use to make sure an issue was fixed and run NPm lint and run dev test. Keep doing it untiol issues have solved with sucussfuil builds, do npm run build when the entire todo list is done. THe way i want you to plane is like this, Phase one will be the non deep reasoning ot math otr logic stuff, just simple ui edits or quick fixes or moving stuff like along that lines, no file building, math reasonsing, deep error research - that will be phase 2. In phase two youll fix stuff that has a higher risk of not solving correctly. You will not solve any 2 or more phases in teh same repsonses, i need review in between. One big p[art of phase two should be APIs and transaction analziation, creation, radmization,organization...FOr f[phase 3 itll be a final review to make sure everything works fucntionallya nd has been resolved in the best way with the new updates. It wont be the iferts time you do test, but this si more of a polishing phase. See whats new, whats different, whats still missing, whats not working. If you try and try and cant figure something out without my outside help, just tell me. but phase 3 will be a "pretty" process, use your creative imagination, amke thinsg organized. add good looking elemenst if you want. Add better animated or colors or whatever youw ant to give the website flavor without making it bland. ANd youll tests everything (click,open<scroll<drag<...) to amke sure it all looks good.) Every peice i give you is like a bible, i just want you to organize it, notsimplify ot, not remomvoe it, but organize it and add steps to the plan, your document should be very long, very very long). When making promtps for next chats and next steps, it cna think when it gets there, so if you wanna just put what you ahve to dfo, teh concerns, the probelms, then tahtw ill be sufficient fo rthe plan,. if you include evey single detail and example down to my words that is aid, then the chat can think abiout an answer for it ususing a deeper reasing model instead of you telling it how tooslve it anow, and itll be a better and easier focisued answer. Unless teh answer is obvuis or given. 

Create a plan to be able to add at the beginning a dashboard. It should give boxes "Income
$68,181.95

Spending
$28,893.26

Net Cashflow
$39,288.69

Subscriptions
$509.65

Fees
$184.75" you know,. 
remove the whole "YourLocation box, and integrate it other ways. Remove & Add IP address and Location to debuiug menu. On dashboard Use Local time as a clock on the top of the dashboard Digital, no seconds, with Am or PM. Detecte when to say GOod Morning GOod Afternoon, Good EveEning. And use formast abbrevieted fore time zone like CST EST MT PT. DOnt make a box for detetced curreny type, but instead in the Currency converter, Defaul teh "From" Amoun to the Detected Currency. ALso Add  a section where you can calaulate Cyrpto Currency from usd or vise versa, defuel the from as a USd or other type and the "To" as a cyrpto type, based on current exchange rtae. And you can clikc a button to swape ot. ALso move fianical newws to Dahsboard, call it Recent NEws. Make the first Section Fincial, then do Business, then do etchnology, Then do Stock, then do Cryptocurrency. Add mEcponomic Indicators to Dahsboard, we only want Overview page to talk about your own accounts. Make pie chart a full circle or somehting taht looks like a better undertsandment. format it neatly so it looks good and premium. Keep 5 boxes on Overview tab but put it between the boxes that shpw 7 pie chart categories and the 12 tranction categories shown in the image i gave u. in transactions make the tetx" Select a category group to see transactions." more obious when no datat is loaded. 

on any tabe any mention of the api like wher eu haev on overview lised "Real-time exchange rates • Free API (no key required)" remove that. we dont need to say that. 

 I want the websote to be mobile friendly, when text boxes like in statements are too wide for a mobile view, try and implement a fix like only showing important stuff anfd or cutting off description anme, and you ccan click on transactions 


try to make featured pages and search results sorted by a relevenace fucntion. 

now also for all apis, so someoen doest keep clicking and waste credits, please insititute a rate limit or debounce for it so i wont run out of credits. 

On statements tab, the images with the imad for merchant images thats not working, if youc ant get it to work just tell me what it is so i can research the website adn get an api key (if required) and give it to you. Make the statements tab be able to drop down month by month. I also always see a random jump in the date, from December 2- December 22. I also want this apge to have to toption to edit the generated transaction dates, and when you change it, itll regenerate all of teh transaction date ranges shown on all pages. THis alone doesn't necessarily regenerate the data, but if the date is extended it will add new data too it. Keep close mind in this scenerior to keep the set of random merchanst that were chosen for that generation the same. as for example, when a generation has one insurance privider, the new transactions should also have the same isnuranc provider, stuff like that. On the flip side of the coin, i want there to be a regernate staements button that will just give new data. call it New stateemnts or something. make months slection like a to and from box where you can change the month and year with drop downs. im attaching an image of sttements tab to show missing merchant info

Make sure all required files and code exist for teh apis we wann use, even if the key isn't there yet. 

For the subscriptions page: on possible dupplciates susbcrotions detected text 0- make it more prominenet so the user clicks on it. ALso the show detaisl button doenst work on the subcriptions page. it only does on teh recurring page. I want the transactions to be orghanized differently, group each merchant by categeory and you can drop down their list of charges proices and dates, while still showing which oen is suscious. Change title of yellow box to say Suspicoous Charegs Detetced instead. Suscious charches logic needs to change and you ened to make sure it actuall will load with teh fake data. this is a deep issue. There needs to be more suscious chages like at least 3 different merchants lets say 2-6. But really if you have 3 or morwe you need one of each kind of suspicious present. Theres already some code written for this but it needs to be rewritten1) Duplicate charge : @ or more charges of the same amount, outside its normal pattern. its logically detetcted as haveing 2 or more charges from the merchant outside its normal frequency with a 3 day forgiveness randge ( e.x. APple charge $10 on Nov 1, apple charge $10 Nov 12, [a patetrn anaolomy that hasnt happened in other months] - suspicious{normally 30 days apart} (e.x. Apple charge $10 on Nov 1, apple charge $10 Nov3 - not suspicious{normally 30 days apart}[they may only bill during weekdays and that was the earliest weekday; there is a 3 day forgiveness give or take]) (e.x. Apple charge $10 on Nov 1, apple charge $8.50 Nov15 - not suspicious{normally 30 days apart}[user could have more than one apple charges for different services come out  month, we confirm this by checking if theres other apple charges that have came out around teh same day (+-3 days)before this. IF its has in the next month or the month prior, its not suscious, if its came out once before but it was 4 months proor or ahead, it is suscious, if its recurring more than 3 times in the span of 5 months then it doesnt matter its not suscious, unless theres a charge that is 5 months away form the last one - this is all logic when marking a merchant charge for a specifc amount.}) 2 Overcharge: There is a charge from a detected merchant that came out on a day that it was detetcted to +-3 days, however its more than the expected amount. If its the only charge on that expected date rage, but its higher than normal, then its a overcharge, if theres a second or more charge inside that date range, review the other ones first to make sure the expected charge wasn't deducted and this wouldn't fall into the 3rd category of suspicious charges - Unexpected charge - an unexpected charge is a charge that doesn't macth the normal amount that typically comes out from a confirmed recurring /subscriptions merchant. It doenst have that amount in the month before or after or even within the last 3 months before or ahead. is a true anaoloy and it mayu be fraud or it may be something additional one time purchase buit its not expected and cant be categorized. gave a grace for maeking a charge as suscious when looking at the amount, assume if its within $0.10 that its thge same amount, sometimes things can adjust slightly. For both sucruiotins and recurrinf page under the show details of possible duplicate charges, i wan there to be a A button that says "more info" or something that when you click it it shows teh suscisou charge with all teh other surrounding charges from that detected merchant whatehr its a different prioce or nt, and a short explanation of why is suspicious. IF that detaisl olisthas other sucious charges liste mark them, out too. Put a red Mark suscipous and a green all good button. also make that teh default for the green and gray confoirm/dismiss buttos. aLOSO CHANGE THE FIURST ORAHNE BUTTUN UNDER THE "Possible duplicate charges detected" form saying Show detaisl to saying something like Review now. Make background pruple box on the page more transparent liek by 50% more 

TRy to  make a to do to make a long of real merchant anems and how theya ppear on transactions so you can start replacing categories for charges iwth real merchant names. Evey generation of statement will only pick a set of these to use and repeat. But a broad enough et that it seems disorganized. But itll still reflect a personal llyftele., use logic for hwo many variations a person should ahev for a specific category. Like for food or groceries they may only go to 3 stores and eat at 5 fast foods. But for mortagge tehre should only be one. For credit cards they should only have liek 1-3 names ( names can repeat if youd ecide that a merchant cna have more than one recurring charge come out (i.e. two credit card bilsl for two sperate amex accounts) ) FOr car l;oand tehre should only be 1-2 but people usually use the same bank for multiple loans. They may even pari it with their mortage sometimes. buid logic fo rhti sbut make it random, never seeming the saem, just apprately done. THink of the other common ranegs fo the eprosnale lysftyle effect im missing and add that to you logic. On each regeneration of sttemanet(unless e are extending teh current dtae form teh user date selction range), it should recalculate the personal lyftyle choices of what banmks credit card merchants. THiseven applied ot the "my accounts' page. a personal will usually only value a few crypto curruencuies. a few stocks, a few bank accounts, a few creditcard accounts at a time you know. like i mean the saem few not a different sent a few. so like transferes to or from accounts at other banks should really only come out of the selected 3-5 accounts detected. In real data runs this number can vary extermeely dpednign on how many accounts they want. When i confirm all transctions and it says All suspicious charges reviewed, i wanna be able to have an option like a pencil or something where i can edit them and change them to another category. and the logic should actually work and affect the rule that updates the number of suscius charge marked. I need like a option of 3-5 accoutns on a generation but a slection of liek 15-20 well known banks that it cna pick from. Always use welel known names of bansk or merchants, real laces not fake. Per generation this is how many differnt merchatnst or banskshould show: Streaminf service 2-5, Music 1-3, Cloud storage 1-3, Gym 1-2 priotizing 1, Software 2-6 & add pick a list of 1-3 random sucptions (for example liek hello fresh or a new magazine or something, think about what tge optiosn cna be to go research). Crypto 1-3, stocks 4-10, Loans 1-3, Creditcards 1-4, Bank accounts (payapl,cashapp,venmo is also included as a banka ccount aand other P2P services expect Zelle). Rent/Mortage (have to pick one noth both) 1, Utlities 2-5 (electic bill, Gas, water, maybe a combined displayed as utltities),Phoen sucrioptions - 1-3, priotize 1, Car insurance 1-2 priotize 1, Life isnrnce 1, Home insurance 1, health insueracne 1, RIde share 1-3, Food delivery 1-3, Gas/Convience store 2-5, Grocery storwss 2-6, Resterants 4-5 use spareingly, Fast food 5-10, Other food or drink (coffee shop) 2-4, Shopping stores (not food) 3-6, Online shopping 3-5, Unkown/random/other (a charge from a street vendor, bad merchant name or random descption for example) 4-5. 1-3 Checkings, 2-4 savings, 1-2 Invcentment companies 1 MMSA, 1 Certificate (add new logic for these two so they can appear in my accounts detected paeg). Credit card 2-5 ( use 1-2 Dedicated credit card companies, if tehres more remaining fill rest wth credit card from banks we already know of that oifffer them)

FOr the possible slectedion of the perosnaly lystyle  and merchant name you have found, researched, created ogic for, and stored to pick from on a new generation, this is how many should be possible to pick from:  Streaminf service 15 (TV,HULU, NETFLIX HBO MAX, PLEX, CRUNCYROLL, YOutube TV, YOutube PREmium, APple tv...) Music 8 (think Aplle music, youtube music, soundcloud, spotify..., Cloud storage 8 (icloud, google...) Gym 15 , Software 20 (weight loss app, coding tool, ai sucption liek chat gpt, Music stuiudio, adobe)  & add pick a list of 1-3 random sucptions (for example liek hello fresh or a new magazine or something, think about what tge optiosn cna be to go research). Crypto 8 (XRP, BTC, ETH..), stocks 50, Loans 20(they wont be well known so use bank names), Banks 20, Creditcards 15(can use bank names, other Bank accounts (payapl,cashapp,venmo is also included as a banka ccount aand other P2P services expect Zelle). Rent/Mortage (have to pick one noth both) 15, Utlities 25 (electic bill, Gas, water, maybe a combined displayed as utltities),Phoen sucrioptions - 10, Car insurance 10 , Life isnrnce 5, Home insurance 5, health insueracne 5, (insurances sometimes bundle and thats good if you wanna soemtimes use the same merchant but different isnurnace types)  RIde share 7(includes electic bikes and scooters and rental, but ofc you cna use stuff liek UBER LYFT..), Food delivery 15( Grubhub, instavcart, ubereats, doordash, piza deliveries, chcifil a deliveries, ....) , Gas/Convience store 25(Buccies, Cuirckle k, Cumberland farms, CEFCO, Velaro< Raceway, SUNOCO, WAWA...)  Grocery storwss 30(Sams, Walmart,Target,WHolefoods,Publix...) Resterants 25(Anything that you tyically Dine in at from as small as a place like waffle house to a big longhorn steakhouse to a new chain to a old chain, eveyuthign)  , Fast food 30, Other food or drink (coffee shop) 15, Shopping stores (not food) (Bestbuy, Lowes, Home Depot, Hardware stoer,World Market, Earthbound, Antiuqe store, Ollies) , Online shopping (etsy,stockx,amazon,ebay,walmart.com,bestbuy.com,target.com,aliexpress,temu,tiktokshop,onlinejewelers,online shopping, fashionoova), Unkown/random/other (a charge from a street vendor, gift shop, bad merchant name or random descption for example) 4-5. 1-3 Checkings, 2-4 savings,  (navy federal, jp morgan, chase, Synchrony bank,)1-2 Invcentment companies (TSLA,GOGL<NVDA,...)1 MMSA, 1 Certificate (SAVINGS, CHECKING< MMSA,CErtificates can use bank names) (add new logic for these two so they can appear in my accounts detected paeg). Other one off ( mechanic shop, dealership, DMV....) Credit cards 20 (grab 5 dedicated credit card companies, fill rest with names from banks we already will use) (possibility for credit cards to come form store or merchanst liek Lowes, amazon, Shops....) 


use VISA as the main tyope iof charge type and use logic to determine what types of charges would actually use ACH to give your account number to them to debit, you find find that they usually take both VISA and ACH (lowes/lowes CC or PAYPAL,CASHAPP<VENMO...etc) thats okay just make a category of logic for theoes too. ALL debit card charges puchases done in person shouled say VISA* on the front of the name, if they have teh ability to order online, then add them to a group logic where they can show up as the wesbiet anem or as VISA* and the merchant name) 
Adjsut frequency of transactiosn appearing to account for an increase of names and charges coming in now that ive expanded your transactions scop[e. 
after merhcnat name put what it is (Gas,food sucription,magaszine,transfer,add money, loan payment,) unless its a random chage where its obvious like food or a website purchase, or movies, if the merhcnat name is ppolualr enough taht you know what you bought you dont have to describe it, only if a merchant typically would on teh charge info. use logic for each name you research to figure this out. Youll ahve to categorize the logic of each merchanst as well into logic categories so it follows a spefic type of logic base don whoo theya re so it seems lefgit. 

Reorganize how you pout charges into thei categories, this will take deep logic. Replace the education category for online shopping, i also see stuff like IJKEA WALMART HOME DEPOT LOWES and stuff inside the other tab. so lets change Groceries to just STores in genral. 

for the fees datat i want fake datat for like an atm or bank teh fees came from, also add other types of fees as a possible transction picked in teh generatuion i want like 3-6 fee merchants shown on a generation with a possible slecteion of 12 for the profile, so research to find what options it can display as like name wise, make sure it still says stuff liek Late payment or ATM, be more spefic but like what bank or merchant after taht? 

theres a deep issue with ln the demo fake date where charge sdont come out for teh recurring or suscriptions. But charges should normally come out at the same amounts everytime. theres only 2 cases where it shouldn't, if its a suspciosu charge, or if you have a sperate group of recurring/subsctiption prices that frequently come out at teh smae time form the smae merchant (e.x. apple charges all appear the same, as do others sometimes that offer a wider set uof services, so you may see an apple charge for $15 on the 12th of each month for (like icloud) , and a $9.99 charge on the 1st of each month ( like applecare) and a $3.99 for a wight loss app come out eveyr 2 weeks on the 4th and the 18th- however none of tehse are suscioud even tho they have the saem merchant name Apple.com. 

add api token use if possible to dfdebig tool to show tokens used in a session for each api key, this datat should be viewable by a drop down or button or popup..i dont care, jsutd ont cluter the debig tool wioth it. Add a rate limiting statsus to debig tool Fix the date range function tool, i dont want it to be the dtae tahts being viewed to me, i want it to be the date that teh entire website is ususing for datat at the moment. THis is a deep issue. The statement tab reflects this as any date can be chosen but for some reason the only thing always shown on teh statements tab is December 2nd - December 16. REanalyze the datte for the current datet to make that the statement end date for teh statement randge, but it can also be edited in the debig tool. The statement page Date selcttion function drop down- that just changes whats viewed. the debug tool changes whats actually stored as the current dattaa. there shouldn't be a visual difference between the two except that oen is clearning datata, and one is saving dtata. Remove active tstb from debig tool. 



For the accoutns page, change it to be called my accounts. i want the ablitiy to edit the defualt acocunts that are already preloaded. Not just add or delete them. We can edit the name, the category, the balance date range. Also gorupt the accoutns by asset type ( for example checking, savinsg, MMSA, ROth, Loan, Creditcard, Mortgage, Auto loan... not cypto or Stocks thats on seprate pages) however, make atwo boxes underneath, one for total stock investment portfolio amaount and one for crypto investment porotfolio total amount. bith amounts are nets. THen show and impplement the net worth Histiry underneath that with a neatlyu formated grapgh with choosabel time frames, and underneat have the ability to tutn off and one with a circle slider eoption beside each account. THis will remove/or add them by defualt to the grapgh math data. Stocks and cypto are ioncluded here. WHen you clikc on the stock or cypto boxes itll redirect you to the aproaiute page.The list to edit will be located in a arrow dropp down with a descitpion. A box a the bottom to Select/Deselectall. Then undenreath taht amke a savings Goal calualteor with fully implement fucntions. Coming soon is at the bottom. When a savsings goal is slected have a bar parent show up betweeenm :"balance by account type" and "all accoutns " just a thing box thats a bar progress bar showing the track to savsinsg goal. WHen choosing savsinsgs by date show On track or off track ststus on the progress bar. wehn savinsg goal isnt set up teh abr at the top is empty and tehres a button top set it up, adn when u click it it just shcrolls for you down to set it up (if needed). add the purple Connect your account belement form the review page to the accounts page replacing teh "connect your bank boc" when you click it it should bring a pop up with an x at teh top right and it says like comnng soon, connect with plaid. Put the connect your accoutns box direcly under my accounts summary, 


On stocks page when hovering oevr a my holding stock, theres a trash can icon that apprears to dleet that holding, buit it is dipalyed on toip of the stock prioce, we wanna make sure they arent overlayed, move either element. Make the Stocks search bar show "releveant"(remeber we talked about logiccally creating a 'relevant' fucntion for new search? do this for stocks too, whatver is popular and performing best) display them as suggestions when there is now text tyopes in teh search box but the search popup is opened. RIght now the search popup only popups when i click and type, but i want it to piopup as soon as i click. When adding a stock to portfolio ususing search fucntion or on the add button- add a $ in the Average Cost Per Share sectioon. also add a custom date purchased with an i bubble that explaisn the date can hel you track your net worth. and before saving the stock, i want a button that allows you to add a new share price, amount, and date- as many times as you wanna click and add that you can- in case the suer has different amounts or form different times they wanna make. to teh stock detaislk section, amke sure it includes more information lke this for example ( NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)

Price 183.38
+$3.79
+(2.11%)
At close: 4:00:00 PM EST
$184.16
+$0.78
(+0.43%)
Overnight: 11:49:08 PM EST
Previous Close
$179.59
Open
$181.57
Bid
$182.63 x 100
Ask
$183.27 x 100
Day's Range
$179.97 - 184.51
52 Week Range
86.62 - 212.19
Volume
166,479,246
Avg. Volume
191,223,562
Market Cap (intraday)
4.465T
Beta (5Y Monthly)
2.27
PE Ratio (TTM)
45.39
EPS (TTM)
4.04
Earnings Date
Nov 19, 2025
Forward Dividend & Yield
0.04 (0.02%)
Ex-Dividend Date
Dec 4, 2025
1y Target Est
250.66
) add $ where u need to. add a link to the monely fool article if its there show it at top of news suggestions underneath that stock, Create a button somewhere that aloows you to compare stocks to one another. soemthign like this photo ill send you. show overnight proice if you can but make it obvuious when that ist teh overnight price, create a enw ticker tab that only shows overnight. On the watchlist, put an aoption or button to add to watchlist, any stock ior nerws article, keep them seprate. Expand the library of stocks when you click search or "browse all" button. See if it allows you you can have a dtataabse of all the stocks and etfs. But on browse all itll just show you recommended or puular ones seprate by category. search will only show recommend ones too, but you should be bale to search for any. if thats not doable for you then make a very generous cap. 


For the Crypto screen, the main probnelm is that tehres no crypto information displayed. see whats wrong with the api we have set up for it i think its the coingeko one. if need be let me know and i can go grab and send you an api key of thats needed, but you might bable to just use yahoo fiance if thatw orks honestly. do that isnetad. all changes i said to make to the stock page, i want you to implement thoses changes to the crytpo page but for cypto stuff not stock. And at teh btoom put teh box we talked about where itlls do Currency to Cyrpto echange, and out the current estimated eschange rates and any required fees and percents. 

On the review Tab, first off, move the Detected accoutnns screen out of there and put it on teh accounts tab underneath my accounts box. For some reason the Account balances box says coming soon, lets remove tahta nd use teh account datat from the actual generate statement/ the accounts tab. SHow the Checking, Savinsg, Investments (Cypto & Stock), then put a box for Debt but hide the balance, and make sur eyou click aan eyeball icon to show the amount, cover it withXs like for example XXXX.XX. Startign fro the top of review page - my accounts lets make the lettering in all of the 6 boxes just bigger. For the whole box seections, spice it up and add some effects or colors or whatever you think looks good or approiate, amybe any kind of effect for the UI. In the subcriptions box, the tap to manage subcritpiosn doesn't work when i click on it. it should bring up a popup with all sucbcirption merchants sperated into exapandable and collabalse tabs, one for each merchant-no matter the amount, even if its suscious. In teh transctions if its a suscious charge put the ! triangle by the drop down header anem and beside the spefic transaction in the drop down. for the box called Duplicate charges, chaneg it to Suscicous charges and isnetad of aying "with possible duplicates" say a more accurate desfiton. When you open that to review for suscious charges, and you click dismiss, it doesn't actually change the number displaye din the popup of number of suspciosu charges and it doenst change teh number os sus charges on teh review page duolciate charges box. For money left after bills box, make it show the Avergae monthly money left after bills, You cna click on it, and itll show a hisrgram bar groagh of the month by month money after bills, with editable views. and underneath it till show you the toital money left ( use the current selected or edieted dange range (from statements tab) ) and no more or no less, and still show average monthly money left after bills at top. pUt a descitpiton somewhere of whats incluced and not incuded (IRA? Crytpo? Investments?  These shouldn't be included in savings; Net transfers should be ) but theres a button with the circle selector to be abel to add it to the amount if you want to and it changes the amount on the piopup and on the review pages). FOr the "Internal transfers" box: actually just shwo the TOtal money sent out, money recived, and the Net amount. display the numebr of transfers with a small gray text shwoing teh current dtae range which you will always go fof of from defualt or changed form teh STatements tab. When you click on the internatl transfers box, itll show you a list fo all transfers organzied in epandable month by month. THis part will end up on teh accounts tab not the rview tab, but on the detected accoutns boc, wheeber you click "review" and you select ADd account, it doenst actually add it to acocunt balance section on review tab or add it to add acounts list on  accounts tab.  For the needs vs wants tab make sure all new math and transfer data, and categorization actually applys even in the nexxt where is asys saved this month. On the accounts balnced box, add a new ext at the bottom with the others that says avg dialy spending. GIve the Review tab a betetr color, all tab colors should be good popping colors, sperate from each other and that oens just white. Make it Purple like the websiet theme but like a deep bpurple very glassy. 

For now on anywher ein teh website when showing a total that would include anything susing transfer or a net (like net protfolio, TOtal money spendt, Money left after bills, Income/deposits0 Treat transfers as a net of sent vs recived rather than a increase to the person deposits, credits, or debit, spedning. think how ot use it aporoiaately in each place. make logic categorizations fo rhtis when needed. 

change all math logic at anytime, even make it in its own folder if you ened to seprate it for categeorixation or rother needs of math. 

With all Popup screen sthat show when u click a special button, give a slight underglow behind the black glass glowing the color that kacthes the page/tabs color. not super bloomy, but jst like a newon glow line, or whavetr you think kooks best ill let youd ecide. 

Add a button at teh bottom of teh side menoi above where it says Demo Mode in te  bottom right  that says Restart Demo and resets all data and brings you back to the home screen. 

in code to simplify you can always change a element name or upddtae it to make it make more sense. 